hey Steve and blue can I have the Great
Mouse Detective 1992 VHS gold Oreos and
a diet coke please yes and a you look
said basil you can have that VHS since
you are a good girl bark bark bark bark
thanks Steve and blue you guys are the
best
here at how do you see Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles in theaters you are
supposed to see the americantale but you
did not know Raymond to the Great Escape
for ps1 for you when we get home you are
getting punishments like belt feedings
hot sauce and cold shower and we are
calling the mental therapist to teach
you a lesson
let's go home now wah wah wah wah wah
wah how can I help you can I have the
Great Mouse Detective 1992 VHS a gold
Oreos and a diet coke please okay then
here you go
Thanks
since I have my VHS of Great Mouse
Detective Gold Oreos and Diet Coke I'm
going to watch it now before you watch
this movie I got something to tell you
about Boris why do you have the angry
face it's all Caillou's fault for not
letting you watch the Great Mouse
Detective on VHS from 1992 and getting
Superman Returns on DVD Captain Crunch
cereal and a Pepsi and because of this I
am going to take his Superman Returns on
DVD a Captain Crunch cereal and a Pepsi
I am going to take his Superman returns
on DVD Captain Crunch cereal and a Pepsi
no it's my dad that's right Caillou
how dare he would not let any milk said
basil watch the Great Mouse Detective
BHS from 1990 to eat her gold Oreos and
drink her diet coke and also how dairy
watch Superman Returns on DVD Eater
Captain Crunch and drink your Pepsi and
also Superman Returns is made by Warner
Brothers and you are strictly forbidden
to watch PBS Kids
cookie jar Warner Brothers or Paramount
Pictures movies and you know that I hate
Captain Crunch but Dad I like Superman
Returns better than that Great Mouse
Detective trash
I don't care call you I am going to take
your Superman Returns on DVD your
Captain Crunch and your Pepsi to the
Lila Gang
Susy Brian Steven Amanda Viviana Zach
Teresa neele and Andrew Caillou just
brought Superman Returns on DVD Captain
Crunch and Pepsi when I told him not to
oh that muddy character Caillou is gonna
get it we are now going to be combined
into a one Sentinel for what Caillou has
done good then I'll see you any time
I can't believe that guy you just got
Superman Returns Captain Crunch and
sprite we are now forming into one
Sentinel
you
that's going to be a punishment
you just gave my Superman returns on DVD
my Captain Crunch and my Pepsi to the
lilo kids that's right
Caillou and look anemic said woody is
here
cai-you how dare you would not let me
watch Great Mouse Detective VHS from
1992 and also how dare you bought
Superman Returns on DVD that's it you're
grounded for infinity I guess this means
no more celebrating my birthdays at
chuck-e-cheeses again right that's right
Caillou this means you will not
celebrate your next birthday at
chuck-e-cheeses and also here's another
visitor to teach you a lesson
what
they're seen that is my name kaya I am
now having an ability to turn your
Superman Returns on DVD Captain Crunch
and perhaps eat into something I know
that Sentinel has my stuff on it please
don't
cry all you want Caillou this is what
you deserve for not letting her watch
the Great Mouse Detective on VHS from
1992 and watching Superman Returns on
DVD and also you will be forced to watch
the Great Mouse Detective eat golden
Oreos and drink diet coke for the rest
of your natural-born life a no not the
trash
I don't care Caillou and start watching
great most detective on VHS from 1992
where you're grounded even mega hyper
longer I want Superman Returns Captain
Crunch and Pepsi not that garbage
you